Daughter-in-law, shut up for me
What do you mean by getting together?
What you said is too bad
wife
I didn't mean to make you look too ugly
But since you're talking about it
So it was a showdown.
Yes, I did it on purpose.
Your girlfriend will soon be my wife
And you know why?
Because I'll give you flowers for anything you want
And you
How to do evil
What a sin
Qin Feng, you don't have to pay too much attention
What about your brother?
He is also out of kindness
He can't bear to watch me suffer with you
He's the director of the Down Group.
How about you?
Just one can't get along
Mud legs who can only run to Beijing
What qualifications do you have compared to him?
Haven't you always been better than me?
I've always wanted one.
But I can't even see my wife
Who did you give me to help you?
Qin Ming, shut up for me
Why are you shutting up?
Am I wrong?
I am now the director of the Down Group
What is he?
You can tell me what to do.
Just a director?
You are really majestic
Just a director
Chu Baozi, do you know that the Tang Group is in the south?
How much energy is saved?
Not to mention second to none
It's sort of at the top.
Even the lowest employees
Tens of thousands a month
Not to mention our director
You're right!
You, a migrant worker, can't even come into contact with this class
It's normal not to know
Ordinary This is the gap between us
But now deal with
They are all as big as the eldest lady of the Tang family
What else is there?
If it weren't for the dead old woman giving birth
You're not even qualified to meet me, haha.